feat: [flagd-in-process] Support Injection of a custom connector (#900)
open-feature/java-sdk-contrib: providers/flagd/README.md

Polling happens at 5 second intervals and this is currently unconfigurable.
This mode is useful for local development, tests and offline applications.

#### Custom Connector 

> If you want to extend In-process resolver to fetch flags from a different source, you can inject a custom connector to 
> the In-process resolver. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include a custom connector as a configuration option to customize how the in-process resolver fetches flags. 
```

> The custom connector must implement the [Connector interface](https://github.com/open-feature/java-sdk-contrib/blob/main/providers/flagd/src/main/java/dev/openfeature/contrib/providers/flagd/resolver/process/storage/connector/Connector.java)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom connector must implement the [Connector interface](https://github.com/open-feature/java-sdk-contrib/blob/main/providers/flagd/src/main/java/dev/openfeature/contrib/providers/flagd/resolver/process/storage/connector/Connector.java).
```
